(suspenseful music)
- [Cassandra] A great
disaster cometh.
The fairy who was sworn
to be an usher of doom,
shall drag the surging white
flames into severe plight.
Take heed. It is the
banquet of tragedy.
(Opening Song)
(running footsteps)
- Miss Ryu was the murderer?
I really don't want
to believe that,
but if that Jura guy
really did help kill
her old familia,
then...
(panting)
(explosion)
(grunting)
Was that Ryu's magic?
(gentle mysterious music)
(panting)
(footsteps stop)
- [Jura] Bell Cranel?
- It's you!
Please! You've gotta save me!
She's going to kill me,
she'll do it!
(crying in fear)
Please!
(slow footsteps)
(slow, dramatic music)
- Ryu, wait.
(suspenseful music plays)
- Why are you always
getting involved?
Go somewhere else,
you're in the way.
I can't slay that bastard
with you standing there.
(whimpering and crying)
I have only ever made
one real mistake,
and that was not making
sure you were dead, Jura.
My arrogance got
the better of me.
I thought I'd killed you
and it fills me with
so much regret.
(footsteps)
I should have completely
snuffed out your life
when I had the chance.
- Wait, but Ryu...
(gasps)
(suspenseful music playing)
- I won't hesitate to cut you
down if you try and stop me.
(gasps)
- [Bell] Is it true that
you're responsible for this man
losing his arm?
- That's right, I am the
person who sliced it off.
I took off his ear
while I was at it.
So, what about it?
You got a problem?
- Be honest with me.
Are you the one
behind the murder
that happened back in Rivera?
- I don't have time for
questions and answers.
- [Bell] A man was found
dead in the outskirts there.
And there are witnesses who
saw you fleeing the scene.
- [Ryu] Get out of my way.
- [Bell] Tell me. I need to
know the truth about this!
Are you the one who
killed that man, or not?!
- No, I did not!
- [Bell] Very well then Ryu.
- [Jura] What are
you talking about?
You've got to do something.
You've got to take
that murderer down.
- My friend said that
she didn't kill anyone,
and I'm going to believe that.
(gasps)
(Jura gasping)
- [Bell] See this? This was on
the ground in the passageway
where we found you. It's
blazed-rock, isn't it?
An item dropped, that is
incredibly combustible.
The explosion that
happened in the passage
was actually your doing.
(gasps)
On top of that, I'm pretty
sure those wounds of yours
are from a long time ago,
back when the Gale Wind
hunted you down.
(gasps and grunts)
(evil laughter)
- Cat's out of the bag.
(sounds from a whip)
You and those morons from
Rivera are so goddamn useless.
Seriously, I knew you
couldn't take her down,
but I thought you could at
least keep her busy for me.
(glass breaking)
- I'm truly sorry Ryu, I
should have trusted you.
- No, I should apologize.
I honestly lost my temper,
and it really clouded
my judgment.
I do appreciate you believing
me, despite my foolishness.
I must thank you for that.
He must be stopped.
So, please help me
deal with him.
- Sure.
- Jura, give yourself up.
Your plan of provoking that
large group of adventurers
into killing me has failed.
No one is here to help you.
- [Jura] Now, don't tell
me you forgot who I am.
I'm a monster tamer. Ah!
(evil laughter)
(sounds from a whip)
(rocks falling)
(crashing)
(footsteps)
- [group member] It's just
as you expected, Ouranos.
I've discovered a room
full of caged monsters.
It seems the Ikelos familia
weren't the only ones
to use this place.
There must have been
remnants of Evilus
carrying out some sort
of experiment.
In any case, this is
astonishing.
I can't believe they were
able to capture monsters
from the deep floors.
- What's the meaning of this?
- Oh, I see, there wasn't
just one rotten apple.
- It was the entire barrel, huh?
- We're short on time and
you keep getting
in the damn way.
So now we have to kill you.
Jura's plan is
happening, it's on!
(sound from a whip)
(rocks falling)
(gasps)
- Move it!
(dramatic music playing)
(gasps)
(dramatic music continues)
- Oh man.
The holes must be
from this monster.
- A lambton,
a serpent monster that
tunnels through the ground
that can pass from
floor to floor.
- [Bell] Lambton? Hold on,
these things are found
on this floor too?
- Not quite, it's
normally supposed to reside
in the deep floors.
- [Group Member 1] A monster
from the deep floors?
- [Group Member 2] What
is it doing up here?
- No time to worry about
that, run for it!
(evil laughter)
- Brought this big boy
from Knossos.
All right, let's get this party
started already, shall we?
Now Lambton.
(whip cracks)
(suspenseful music)
(creature shrieks)
(gasps)
(rocks crumbing and falling)
(creature shrieking)
- It's crushing everything
by just moving around.
- It's going to wipe us out.
- How is it doing that?
I thought that being
on this floor
meant everyone could
safely avoid the disaster.
Did I, did I make a mistake?
- [Welf] This way.
- We can't put up any sort
of real fight around here.
Hey, pipsqueak, find
a field for us.
- A field? What's that
supposed to mean?
- [Aisha] One of those
rooms on this floor
that comes to a dead end.
If there is no flowing
water around it,
it should have a field.
You've got to lead us
to one of those.
(panting)
- I can't hear it, can you?
Did we lose it?
- No, it's nearby.
It must be digging.
But, where?
Wait, below us.
- Go!
(crashing)
(suspenseful music)
(crashing sound)
- This is completely insane.
- So, there's even more
monsters like this
on the deeper floors?
- It's impossible to
follow that Turk-guy now,
but I hate not being
able to come through
after Bell put his trust in me.
- Now is our chance, get moving
and finish the preparations.
(panting)
- [Jura] Lambton, after him!
(whip cracks)
(gasping and grunting)
(grunting)
- Damn it.
(evil laughter)
- Wondering where it went, huh?
- Where is it?
It could be anywhere.
- [Jura] Do you think
it's coming for you?
(evil laughter)
Run, sucker!
- Watch out!
It's way too erratic.
(evil laughter)
- [Jura] Ryu Lion. Yoo-hoo
I hope you and your pal,
Bell Cranel are ready to
become this lambton's dinner.
- Jura!
(grunts)
(grunting and tumbling)
- [Jura] (chuckles maniacally)
Such a good boy, isn't he?
- Um, Ryu, is this
guy some kind of
high level monster tamer
or something?
He's manipulating this lambton
like it's nothing at all.
- No. Jura was
never that strong.
- Having a hard time
understanding why my pet
follows my every whim?
(evil laughter)
This is why.
It's a magic item that
can enslave monsters.
Those guys who are in Knossos
managed to create
this forbidden item
and with its power,
any monster becomes
an adorable pet.
Ryu Lion, you fill me
with so much hatred.
Look at my hand,
won't stop shaking.
It's rage built up from the
trauma you've inflicted on me.
There was a sea of blood
after you went on a rampage.
I can't get the sight of
you slaughtering our familia
out of my head.
I still see it every time
I close my eyes.
Which is why I will enjoy
every second of watching
this monster rip you to shreds.
(creature shrieking)
(running footsteps)
- This is it. We found a field.
- Haruhime, it's
level boost time.
Start chanting the spell.
- Do you mean Kokonoe?
You want me to cast it on
everyone?
- No, just two of us.
You collapsing from
exhaustion would hurt us
in the long run.
Boost the two in the vanguard.
The rear guard should ready
their bows.
- Right. Magic swords
- Don't bother. You would
just be wasting them.
That monster has a very
keen sense for magic.
We start by taking out its eyes.
First, that enhanced species
and now this.
Being together with you guys
never fails
to keep me entertained.
- That is something I never
thought I'd hear from you,
even in my wildest dreams.
- Agreed, I'm surprised.
Or should I say honored?
- Uchide no Kozuchi
- Get ready!
(crashing)
- Dance and whirl!
(dramatic music playing)
(monster screeching)
(grunting)
- This thing is tricky.
- That's true, but I've
already figured out
how the monster moves in
response to his direct orders.
- [Bell] Huh?
- [Ryu] We could destroy
that necklace pretty easily.
But freeing from his power
might make things worse
if it goes on a rampage
afterwards.
I'm going to take it down.
I need you to cover me, Bell.
- Ugh. Okay.
- Whenever it makes a
move to go underground
I want you to try and
stop it with your magic.
- Sure, I'll do my best.
- Luckily, this isn't my
first fight with a lambton.
I should come out on top.
- [Jura] Bell Cranel,
take it from me,
Being around that bitch is
nothing but a death sentence.
- Don't let that puke
get a rise out of you.
- [Jura] Come on, hear me out.
Just how many people do
you think died as a result
of her finding me?
I knew she wouldn't stop
until she'd caught me,
which is why I used
Turk to deal with her.
He turned all those
Rivira fools against her,
just so she'd have
a hard time keeping up.
And you can bet Jean was killed
to spur them into
forming an execution squad
that would hunt her down.
Turk is a pretty crafty
guy like that.
- But that Jean guy was
on your side, right?
- Sure, sure. He was one
of my good buds,
but well, plenty of my
other pals burned to death
for me in the explosions, too.
- [Bell] All the dead people in
that passageway were with you?
- I bet seeing that really
motivated the execution squad.
They freaked out thinking
Gale Wind was so cruel!
(music building)
- You won't get away with this.
- [Ryu] Jura, quit
tying to drag this out
with your bull crap.
Bell Cranel, don't listen
to a word he has to say.
Just stay focused on
the task at hand.
We'll wipe out that
monster and capture him.
- Okay.
(dramatic music)
(yells and grunts)
(monster screeching)
- [Ryu] Now, in the skies
of the distant forest
to the stars mounted upon
the eternal firmament
of the night.
- Shit!
(whip cracks)
- [Ryu] This fool doesn't treat,
just once, for the protection
of the star's fire.
Grant thy benevolent light to
the one who abandoned thee.
- Yes, Keep it up.
- Come forth, wandering
wind, the vagabond traveler;
run with great
swiftness like no other
across sky and wilderness.
- God damn it!
Lambton, under!
(whip cracks)
- Not today!
Fire bolt!
- [Ryu] Let the light
of star doth occupy me
and strike my enemy.
Luminous wind!
(magic crackling)
(crashing rocks)
- Incredible.
(screeching monster)
- Hang tough Vanguard,
one more to go.
(grunting)
- Awaken soul light.
- It stopped. You're up
Lady Chigusa!
(dramatic music)
- This will end it for sure.
(dramatic music swells)
- Hell Kaios!
(explosion)
(wet squelching)
- We did it, guys!
(laughs joyfully)
- We just beat a deep
floor monster!
- What a fight.
Every part of my body
is sore right now.
(laughs)
- And we got a juicy item drop.
- Your greed really
knows no bounds, Lily.
- Lady Cassandra,
if you wouldn't mind
would you please cast another
healing spell on everyone?
Hey, Lady Cassandra?
- Was this the great disaster?
It couldn't be.
There's not enough fear,
not enough despair.
It was too easily defeated
to be an embodiment of ruin.
This is wrong.
This is not the disaster.
(evil laughter)
- [Jura] You think
this is the end?
So sorry, it's
just the beginning.
- [Ryu] What are
you talking about?
- I am just a distraction.
(water running)
- That's all of them.
Now, let's do this.
Light them up.
(sword unsheathes)
Do it.
(explosion sounds)
- What is that?
(crumbling rocks)
The floor is collapsing.
- Run, run!
(people screaming)
- What now?
- What's this?
What the hell is happening?
- [Jura] My boys got to work
while you were busy chasing me
and just now they ignited
every last blaze rock
that we had on us.
(evil laughter)
- [Ryu] What?
- [Jura] This area, where
the great falls penetrate,
can be perceived as an
entire floor itself.
Everything gets shared,
including the damage it takes.
That's how the dungeon reacts.
It's gone manic.
- What do you mean by manic?
- No.
- Oh yes, that's right.
I've summoned despair!
- [Ryu] Jura!
Do you really understand the
gravity of what you've done?
Do you?
- You know what I did
since you tried to kill me?
I researched for
five full years.
Where's the best place to
trigger it
and how could I pull
off something so crazy?
I also imagined how
I'd mess you up.
Like, how I could destroy
your pretty little face.
That's what I thought
about the entire time.
- [Ryu] You bastard!
- [Bell] No, don't do it Ryu!
- Let me go! I said, let me go!
(rumbling in distance)
(gasping)
- Listen.
(whimpering)
(deep rumbling)
Um, Ryu?
- [Ryu] Not again.
It's the same thing.
It's coming, isn't it?
Alise...
- [Bell] Ryu, I...
- Run away.
Run away!
Hurry and get away! You have
to leave here right now.
Hurry up.
(evil laughter)
- [Jura] It's far too late.
It has begun.
We're in the presence
of despair.
Let's bring it on.
Reveal yourself right now.
One more time.
Let us see it up close.
(evil laughter)
- [Cassandra] A great
disaster cometh.
(crashing rocks)
Take heed.
It is a banquet of tragedy.
(crashing rocks)
(Ending Song)
- [Narrator] Next time,
Juggernaut.